# web-scraper

Python-based web scraper that extracts data from web pages using the Beautiful Soup library. It fetches the HTML content of a web page, parses it, and extracts the desired data for further processing or storage.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/kd9s0/web-scraper
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```
cd web-scraper
```

3. Install the required dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


## Usage

1. Open `main.py` and update the `url` variable with the URL of the web page you want to scrape.

2. Run the main script:
```
python main.py
```
The script will fetch the web page content, scrape the data, and store it a CSV file named `output.csv` in the `data/` directory.

3. Customize the scraping logic:
- Modify the `scraper.py` file to implement specific scraping logic. You can use the Beautiful Soup library to navigate the HTML structure and extract the desired data.

4. Customize the data storage:
- Modify the `output.py` file to store the data in a different format or to a different location.



## Project Structure

The project follows the following file structure:

- `scraper/`: Contains modules related to the web scraping functionality.
- `data/`: Stores the scraped data or any other output files generated by the scraper.
- `main.py`: The entry point of the application.

## Features
1. Data logging and Error handling: this will help to identify and address issues that may arise during the scraping process
2. CLI Argument for URL: This feature allows users to specify the URL they want to scrape through a command-line argument. Users can provide the URL as a command-line argument when running the script. e.g: `python script.py --url https://uniswap.org`.

## Dependencies

The project relies on the following dependencies, which are specified in the `requirements.txt` file:
- beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
- requests==2.25.1

You can install them by running:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).




